wladimir klitschko vs. bryant jennings
april 25th Madison Square Garden New
York City this will be the first time
that wladimir klitschko was full in the
United States for several years I think
the last time he fought in the States
was against Sultanate bragging off
correct me if I'm wrong but I believe
that was the last time and that was a
snoozefest that was a fight which caused
HBO to pull the plug on Klitschko fights
for a long time after that because it
was really anticlimax to say the least
so he's back after all this time after
all these years this long hiatus he's
back in New York or back in America he's
in New York and he's against Brian
Jennings now if you go back and look of
letting his old fights that yet in the
States against people like lamon
brewster against an PR and several other
guys they didn't allow letting me to get
away with the holding and leaning that
he gets away with in germany and i'll
probably be the case as well in this
fight because he's fighting an American
guy it's on HBO like I say the first
fight he's had on HBO in the States for
a long time so they're not gonna want to
see anything ugly they're going to want
to see a nice clean fight one way or the
other so I expect them to do what they
used to do to wladimir klitschko and
prevent him from holding and leaning on
and be very very firm with him in the
States ok that's going to be a plus
point for Brian Jennings but other than
that I can't really see many prospects
for Jenna's to be honest with you
Jennings had a limited amateur
background and he's not that experienced
as a professional he's done well so far
been pretty impressed with his progress
he's a very very good athlete and he's
improving but I still think he's he's
not his peak yet and his skills and his
technique are still underdeveloped I
reckon he needs at least two three more
years of improvement to give himself the
best possible chance to be in Valletta
MacLeish go and even Brian Jennings a is
absolute bad
this is probably not going to be
wladimir klitschko anyway but we're
talking about percentages here we're
talking about giving himself maybe a 60
Surrey a forty percent chance rather
than a twenty percent chance that's what
we're talking about so and forty percent
is probably generous but right now i
wouldn't give her more than a twenty
twenty-five percent chance of winning
this fight based on what I've seen he is
an athlete he is improving all the time
so maybe he's gonna bring something out
I've never seen before but I've seen
branch endings in many different
situations I've seen him going forward
I've seen him on the back foot I've seen
him fighting on the inside I've seen him
in many different situations so I think
I've got a good understanding of what he
kind of can't do up to this point okay
and when I say that his technique and
skills are be underdeveloped how's he
gonna approach this fight with wladimir
klitschko he's just gonna walk forward
like most of the other guys he's gonna
give Klitschko movement I think he's
going to give Klitschko movement a lot
of people are talking about the fact
that James has got longer arms than
collisional yes he does even though he's
shorter he's only 62 but in order fights
I've seen a Jennings and I've seen a lot
of fights for his boxing and moving he
tends to square his shoulders up a lot
even when he froze the jab and he
doesn't get full extension on the jab
that's what I've noticed he doesn't get
full extension he hasn't learned how to
use those long arms yet even though he
does have them and he also doesn't get
full extension on his right hand he
tends to loop these shots and shooting
them instead of getting full extension
on him and whipping them in you see the
way Deontay Wilder frozen shots he's got
big long arms as well obviously there's
a lot taller but he's got big long arms
and he gets full extension on his
punches and utilizes that extremely long
reach Sonny Liston was a guy of similar
dimensions to Brian Jennings was around
61 62 and he also had a similar reach
the brand Jennings was probably about
the same but Sonny Liston was able to
get full extension on his shots go look
at the old Sonny Liston films he get
full extension in his jab full extension
in his right hand and that's why he was
able to be very effective against taller
fighters
except Muhammad Ali obviously bought
taller more stationary guys what brand
jenny's doesn't do that yet doesn't get
full extension of the shots not really
utilizing that long reach so I expect
Vladimir to still have the upper hand on
the outside I don't expect Brian
Jennings to really be that effective uh
you know from the outside especially if
he's moving around and all that kind of
stuff at an almond I haven't seen
anything so far from Jenna's to make me
think that he'll be able to cope with
letting his jab and strengthen height
and reach and all that well I will say
for Jennings though is that he's smart
he'll have a good idea of what to do
he's a thinking fighter he kind of that
wasn't too impressed with him against
Perez in his last fight a lot of people
felt he didn't actually win that fight
and that's fair enough but that showed
some of the limitations of Jennings
because he's got these big long arms but
he shortens his art it punches up all
the time doesn't know how to keep a guy
on the outside you know by extending his
arms and utilizing those that long reach
so he's kind of in mid range in the
Perez fight and Perez having the
naturally shorter arms and the quicker
hands up close he was having a field day
and the better balance as well Perez was
able to duck underneath shots and he was
just a bit better coordinated up closed
and Jennings was and this is going to be
a situation I think in this fight where
Vladimir is gonna be a bit better
coordinated at long range did Jenny so
yeah long story short man let me stop
waffling I don't see past the wladimir
klitschko victory here Jenny's might be
able to make it a little bit interesting
by moving around and the fact that he
won't be able to lean on you know if
letting me won't be able to lean on and
hold but ultimately I just don't think
he's developed enough to give himself a
realistic opportunity from what I seen
so that's just me I'm going with
wladimir klitschko to win this fight
maybe on points if Jenny's can stay away
and maybe land a few shots here in there
to give letting me honest but I think
more likely Vladimir will probably stop
Jennings around attempt 411 for our
so that's what I'm going for drop your
comments below let me know what outcome
you're going for in this fight you
should buy happen tomorrow